Imperative mapping is incompatible with asynchronous Actor calls. The
presence of Actor calls inside the mapping function causes immediate
pass-through with delayed results that are simply dropped. This
article describes the general transform needed from imperative mapping
to Actor-compatible forms.

Consider the following idealized mapping operation. We have a list of
operands that we want to map using some actor service which runs code
for us. It won't work as written here:

       (map (lambda (arg)
	      (send actor-service (lambda ()
				    (computation arg)))
	   operands)

A SEND to an Actor completes immediately and returns nothing of
value. And later, when the Actor runs our code, the results of
computation will just be dropped on the floor.

So, to get back the result of the Actor computation, we need to recast
the Actor call with =BIND and =VALUES as shown here:

       (map (lambda (arg)
	      (=bind (ans)
		     (send actor-service (lambda ()
					   (=values (computation arg))))
		  ans))
	    operands)

But this still won't work properly because upon encountering the =BIND
form, it still calls SEND, which just falls through immediately,
producing no results. The result binding and delayed body of =BIND
will happen later when the Actor peforms the =VALUES form.

The solution to this quandry is to recast imperative mapping with the
use of LABELS and recursion:

       (labels ((mapper (opnds accum)
		  ;; operands is our list of operands remaining to be mapped
		  ;; accum is an accumulator of results
		  (if (endp opnds)     ;; are we finished?
		      (nreverse accum) ;; return list of results
		    ;; else
		      (let ((hd (car opnds))
			    (tl (cdr opnds)))
			(=bind (ans)
			       (send actor-service (lambda ()
						     (=values (computation hd))))
			   (mapper tl (cons ans accum))) ;; recursive call
			))))
	 (mapper operands nil))

Now, when the =BIND is performed, the code simply falls through. But
when =VALUES finally makes the =BIND binding and runs the body
continuation, we accumulate the computed result and make a recursive
call to our LABELS mapper function on the remaining operands.

Note that we must use LABELS and not FLET here, so that we can
properly refer to our function via recursion. Because =BIND falls
through immediately, we see that the code runs in constant stack
space, despite being a recursive routine with indefinite extent.

But note that the initial call to mapper returns immediately with no
useful results. So, in general, at the end of recursion, rather than
returning the list of accumulated results, one must do something else
with them. By the time the results have been accumulated there is
nobody waiting to receive them here. One possibility is to SEND the
results to some other Actor.
